adding more S3 metrics (#199)
metricly/metricly-docs: content/integrations/AWS-Integration/Metrics/AWS-metrics-s3.md

author: Lawrence Lane
---

> There are three groups of S3 metrics: Daily storage metrics for buckets, Request metrics and Replication metrics. The first group includes two metrics: Bucket Size Bytes and Number of Objects. These metrics are free of charge and given by AWS on the daily basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three groups of S3 metrics: Daily storage metrics for buckets, Request metrics, and Replication metrics. The first group includes two metrics: Bucket Size Bytes and Number of Objects. These metrics are free of charge and are reported by AWS once daily.
```

> The rest are billed by AWS additionally. You can opt in request metrics through the Management tab of S3 configuration in AWS console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other metrics are billed additionally by AWS. You can opt in for request metrics through the Management tab of the S3 configuration in the AWS console.
```
